.ig \"-*- Scout -*-
Copyright (C) 2001 Jeffrey Fulmer

Scout is distibuted under the terms of the GNU GPL.

..
.de TQ
.br
.ns
.TP \\$1
..
.\" Like TP, but if specified indent is more than half
.\" the current line-length - indent, use the default indent.
.de Tp
.ie \\n(.$=0:((0\\$1)*2u>(\\n(.lu-\\n(.iu)) .TP
.el .TP "\\$1"
..
.TH SCOUT 1 "04 March 2001" "Scout v0.50"
.SH PROGRAM NAME
.B scout
\- surveys a webserver and prepares the urls.txt file for a siege.
.SH INTRODUCTION
.LP
.B ALERT:
if you are not familiar with siege, then read the man page siege(1) before you read this document.

When siege is invoked for regression testing, it reads a list of URLs into memory and runs through them either sequentially (default) or randomly (siege -i/--internet).  By default that file is called urls.txt and it is installed in PREFIX/etc. Scout provides a simple means of adding URLs to that file.  It follows the links on a webserver and appends them to urls.txt.  This process works completely independently of siege.  It is not necessary to scout a server before laying siege.  You may add URLs to urls.txt by any means possible.  Scout is there to make life easier.

.SH INVOCATION
The format for invoking scout is:   scout options... \fR
Scout supports the following command line options:\fR\fR
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
VERSION, prints the version number
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
HELP, prints the help section which includes a summary of all the command line options.
.TP
\fB\-f FILE\fR, \fB\-\-file=FILE\fR
FILE, the default URL file is PREFIX/etc/urls.txt. To write the links to a different file, use this  option,  i.e., scout -f myurls.txt  That example creates a file in your current working directory called "myurls.txt" Scout will fill that file with links.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-new\fR
NEW, this option creates a new urls.txt file.  This option causes scout to overwrite an existing file with a new one.  The \-n/\-\-new option can be used with the -f/\-\-file option described above.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-pictures\fR
PICS, include image files in the output file.

.SH AUTHOR
Jeffrey Fulmer <jdfulmer@armstrong.com>
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to jdfulmer@armstrong.com.
Give a detailed description of the problem
and report the version of scout that
you are using.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2000 2001 Jeffrey Fulmer
.LP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any lat
er version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
 warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more det
ails.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Fr
ee Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.LP
.SH AVAILABILITY
The most recent released version of scout is available in the siege distribution via 
anonymous ftp from ftp.armstrong.com in the directory pub/siege.
.LP
.SH SEE ALSO
siege(1) layingsiege(1) urls_txt(1)
